{
  "origin": [
    "There were some things Mikey didn’t tell Gerard, and there were some things Gerard didn’t tell Mikey.\nApparently, one of those things was that Gerard liked to ogle Frank’s ass during working hours.",
    "“Like the security who gave Mark a gun?” Ray said quietly. “That kind of security?”",
    "“What if I did?” Gerard said, stopping Frank in his tracks. “What if I did want to leave?”\nFrank squeezed his eyes shut, blinking hard. “Don't say that shit to me,” he said, his voice hard and angry. “Don't say that if you don't mean it.”",
    "Alive, thought Mikey. He's still alive.",
    "“How do we know he's safe?”\n“I'm okay as long as Gerard's here,” Frank reassured him.\nGerard looked at him, surprised. “Do you know that for sure?”\n“I just - I can feel it.”",
    "“Hmm,” said Frank. He was sure that was super-profound, but he was too stoned to appreciate it.",
    "“Do you cuddle on the bed with everyone you investigate?”",
    "“Do you feel guilty about something?”\n“Frank, I’m an ex- priest,” Gerard said, rubbing his forehead. “I feel guilty about everything.”",
    "“Is this where you ask me if Mikey's said anything to me about you?”\n“What are we, in middle school?” Ray scoffed. “Well has he?”",
    "“I'm sorry,” he said, quietly so only Gerard would hear. “I wanted to tell you that I was sorry.”",
    "When he woke up, it was to Mikey's face, white and tear-stained and striped all down one side with blood.\n“Shit,” Frank croaked, his throat dry and raw. “Mikey, did they hurt you? Did they hurt you?” Mikey shook his head. He was holding Frank's hand.",
    "Gerard swallowed audibly and laced his fingers through Frank's, squeezing and then not letting go, so that they were holding hands in the dark",
    "“You drive me fucking crazy,” Frank tried to tell him, but he couldn't seem to stop kissing him long enough to make the words.",
    "His fingers slipped on the beads; Mikey pushed the rosary gently back into his palms. “It's not mine,” he said, something small but important coming loose inside him as he said the words. “He gave it to you.”",
    "Frank jerked his head away and Gerard yanked it back, pushing his thumb hard against Frank's lower lip as a slow, sly grin spread over his face. He quirked an eyebrow and leaned in so close his lips moved against Frank's skin when he whispered, “I didn't have to lift a finger.”",
    "“When I'm with you,” Gerard said so, so quietly. “It hurts. Less.”",
    "“I’m sorry, it’s just - don’t you think your penis is the least of your worries?”",
    "“I can't pray,” Gerard said, hushed and miserable. “It hurts.”",
    "“The douchebag has an awesome mustache,” Mikey said.",
    "“I fucking love you,” he slurred, trying to blink hair out of his eyes. “Frank. So fucking much.” Frank didn’t say anything, just petted clumsily at Gerard’s head.",
    "“I do love you,” said Frank roughly. “I love you so much I don’t know what to fucking do with myself.”",
    "“You don't even believe in Heaven, dude.”\n“Not a Heaven babies can't get into, I don't,” Frank said hotly.",
    "“I'm sorry,” he said, quietly so only Gerard would hear. “I wanted to tell you that I was sorry.”",
    "“What's the matter, Gee,” he said heavily, knowing the answer already. “You jealous?”\n“Yes,” Gerard said in a small voice.",
    "Mikey didn't look angry, though, just sad. Frank had a sudden hot flash of guilt that he'd kept Gerard to himself all night, but Mikey just said softly,\n“We gave you as long as we could.”",
    "“Any trauma you know of? Throw yourself off any buildings?”\nFrank rolled his eyes, and then hissed when Durning pressed his thumb against his veins.\n“Motherfucker, that was only one time, okay, you have to let that shit - fuckme that hurts - go.”",
    "“You think I listen to hymns in my car?“\nFrank grinned down at his lap. “You don’t?”\n“No.” Gerard’s hand settled between Frank’s shoulder blades. “I listen to eighties hair rock like everyone else.”",
    "“He's just hard to understand sometimes. They both are.”\nFrank raised an eyebrow. “Both?”\n“Ways.”\n“Uh huh.” Frank smirked.",
    "“There's no age limit on being fucking crazy, Gee.”",
    "Not like Ray. Ray totally had an ass worth looking at.",
    "“Look at you,” he whispered, following the cut of Frank’s hip with the tip of his nose. “Look how He made you.”",
    "“You better not be jerking off, Frank, we all have to shower in there.”\n“I don't need to jerk off,” Frank called back. “I think I'm going to spontaneously orgasm just from the sensation of soap and hot water.”",
    "“You know you’re gorgeous. You could have anyone you want.”\n“I do have anyone I want,” said Frank.",
    "“Shh,” Frank said, pressing his cheek against Gerard's hair. “I trust you, okay? I trust you.”",
    "“Just leave, Frank, we didn't need you last night and we don't need you now.”",
    "A lot of times Frank made Gerard feel like he’d been punched in the stomach, like he was going blind. Maybe that wasn’t how it felt to other people to be in love. Well, they weren’t other people.",
    "“Frankie,” he said in a small voice. “That's not Gerard.”",
    "“It's too early for puns, man.” Gerard scoffed. “It's never too early for puns.”",
    "“It's just that I have this history of getting it wrong.”\n“Well, then, congratulations,” said Frank, patting his chest. “You're exactly the same as everyone else.”",
    "“Frank, have you ever heard of stigmata?”",
    "He came back bearing two pairs of handcuffs. Both were padded. One was leopard print. Mikey liked those the best.\n“Oh my God,“ said Ray, his eyes like saucers in his head. “There is no way you can possibly think this is appropriate.“",
    "“It's all right,” he said. He found the cross around Gerard's neck and tangled his fingers in the chain. “It's okay. We're okay.”",
    "“I wish it was me,” he said, and then moaned, a horrible, impotent sound like something wounded. “I wish it was me.”",
    "Out loud, all he said was, “We have a plane to catch.”",
    "“I'm at the airport,” Mikey said. He sounded tinny and far away. “With Gerard.”",
    "“Frank.” Durning shook his head. “You have the immune system of a blueberry muffin, man, it’s bad enough you stick shit under your skin and through your nose and God only knows where else, but now you’re slathering on some concoction made by some skank you don’t even know?”",
    "“Hey,” Ray said, squeezing him. “Trust me, okay. I can do magic.”",
    "“Welcome back. How do you feel?”\n“I feel like this whole regaining consciousness thing is getting really fucking old.”",
    "“All that longing,” he breathed, bracketing Frank's face in his hands. “All that rage. And so very, very...obliging.”",
    "“It would seem,” the Cardinal finished, “that Father Way’s body has disappeared.”",
    "“I wish,” he said. “I wish I had met you at a different time, Mikey Way.”\n”Me too,” said Mikey, and went back inside.",
    "“I thought they were lead bricks bound in leather.”\nGerard's forehead creased. “How would they help us fight evil?” \n“We could throw them,” Bob said gravely. “At it.”",
    "“Love - I love you, Frankie, I love you, I love you, I love you”\n“So much,” Frank answered.",
    "“Oh, you're the only one who's allowed to know anything? I read books, fuck you.”",
    "Gerard rewarded him for the lie with a kiss.",
    "Frank scowled. “What am I, a swooning maiden, here?”\n“If the bonnet fits,” said Bob.",
    "“What about the shop being your whole world?”\nBrian looked away. “World's bigger now.”",
    "“her blank face and soft feathers so different from anything Frank had ever seen, and Frank had thought, *I know you*”",
    "“I'm sorry,” Frank said, startled.\n“Don't be sorry, be better”",
    "“Your brother’s hot,” Frank said, tossing back the last of his drink. “Your brother - Mikey, did I tell you how it feels when he touches me?”",
    "A mattress. Mikey's gorgeous brother brought him a mattress. Maybe things were looking up.",
    "“A girl sent me flowers once, but hot guys bringing me beds is new.“",
    "“I called you a hot guy,“ Frank moaned. “You're a priest and I called you a hot guy.“",
    "He wasn’t sure Frank would appreciate being introduced as Gerard’s soulmate, even though it was true.",
    "“That doesn’t mean I want to go back. I love you, you know that. I can’t – we’re not built to live without each other, you and me.”",
    "“I can't stay here in silence,“ Gerard whispered miserably. “Frankie, I can't, it's too dark, please talk to me, please.“",
    "“You bring him back to me. You have to make sure he comes back, okay?“",
    "“Frank's in my spot,“ Mikey told him.",
    "Pete and Patrick were still looking expectant, so Mikey said, “So we're a group of…traveling…personal grooming experts. I guess.“",
    "Mikey concentrated really hard on tracing the pattern on the couch with his finger, and not on Frank making moon eyes at Gerard.",
    "“I don't want what's best for Frank, Gerard confessed in a tiny, anguished voice, and then immediately covered his mouth with his hands like he couldn't believe he'd admitted that out loud.“",
    "Gerard went on, ignoring Mikey and looking straight at Ray. “You think he ever would have looked at you twice? Look at him, Ray, he's beautiful.“",
    "“Do you ever dream you're him, Mikey? When you look in the mirror do you sometimes see his face?“",
    "“But then I guess I can't blame you, Ray. Mikey is a very pretty package.“ Gerard went on. “It's just a shame there's nothing inside.“",
    "“Even your best friend turned his back on you the second your brother showed up, didn't he? How many seconds exactly did it take him to realize he'd been hanging out with the shallow end of the gene pool, anyway?“",
    "“It’s my unicorn notebook,“ Mikey reminded them all.",
    "When he opened his eyes, all he saw was the wall - the other guys were behind him, he realized, so he pressed his cheek against Gerard's and hid a secret kiss in his hair, back behind his ear where nobody would ever find it.",
    "“Uh huh.“ Frank smirked, and Ray looked over and rolled his eyes, raising his middle finger in Frank's direction.",
    "It was like he was starving for the sight of Gerard, greedy to just be near him, even if Gerard didn't know he was there.",
    "Gerard was just scared and confused and needed someone to hold onto, and if that was what Frank could be for him, well, the pathetic truth was that Frank would take whatever he could get.",
    "“Frankie.“ Gerard came straight over to him, getting right up in his space, hands on his arms and leaning in to murmur, “You're my favorite.“",
    "“All that longing,“ he breathed, bracketing Frank's face in his hands. “All that rage. And so very, very...obliging.“",
    "“And nice job taking advantage of the guy when he's just lost his brother, by the way. Who needs rohypnol when you have grief?“",
    "“The thought of you with someone else makes him sick, did you know that? Someone else touching your skin, tasting your mouth, feeling you hot and desperate against them. He wants to be the one in your bed, Frankie“",
    "“Let's see if he can stand me touching him for more than half a second before he loses his mind to me again.“",
    "“Liar,“ Gerard breathed against his ear. “I think you want him any way you can get him, Frankie. I think you're aching with it. I think you're really, really hurting for him, sweetheart, and here's the secret: he feels the same.“",
    "“He thinks about it all the time,“ Gerard went on, sliding his hands up over Frank's chest and down to his belly.",
    "“He lies awake at night burning for you, Frankie, he stares at the ceiling and prays for the strength to keep his hands off you for just one more day.“",
    "Gerard smirked. “I can take it.“",
    "Gerard froze, his hand (which had a fucking book in it, Frank wasn't blind) halfway to his bag. “It's just a small one,“ he said guiltily, making pleading eyes at Frank. “I won't read it in bed or anything.“",
<---NewQuotes---> 
    "“Did you really think that he would turn his back on the Almighty for you, Frank? Seriously? Are you that arrogant?“",
    "“Well, that would be good. That would be the best thing, for Frank.“ “I don't want what's the best for Frank“ Gerard confessed",
    "The only person apart from Frank who was still awake was the annoying dude a few rows back who kept coughing every seven seconds. Well, and the pilot. Frank hoped, anyway.",
    "“People wake up in morgues and then wander off all the time.“ Bob raised an eyebrow. “All the time?“ Ray flushed. “Well, on the Discovery Channel. And it’s not like there isn’t a precedent for this within the Church.“",
    "“Try this.“ Frank turned it over in his hands before passing it to Gerard. “You have a magic potion for everything?“ Ray snorted. “It's vitamin E cream, dude.“",
    "“I hope the Cardinal isn't too mad.“ Frank took another enormous bite of his sandwich. “Isn't it against his religion?“ he said with his mouth full",
    "The chapter he was reading was about a little girl who claimed to have seen Mary a bunch of times in Belgium, which was a place Frank wasn't convinced actually existed, but whatever.",
    "“Like, his sisters send to Jesus to tell him Lazarus is sick, right, only he doesn't get there in time, so the dude dies, and then Martha's all mad, and Jesus is like, chill, he's gonna rise, and she's all, yeah, on Judgment Day, and he's like, nu-uh and brings the dude back, right?“",
    ""What about this guy?" said Bob, who had evidently decided to give his book another shot. He frowned and said something that sounded like, "You dyke us." "Eutychus," Gerard corrected.",
    "“I think Bob needs an ambulance.“ “What?“ Brian shut the water off and came to kneel down by Bob. “Why does Bob need an ambulance?“ “Bob doesn't need an ambulance,“ Bob scowled. “Bob needs you to stop overreacting.“ “Frank needs Bob to stop talking about himself in the third person,“",
    "It hurt not to kiss him, it physically hurt, but Frank wasn't going to ask for that anymore, he'd made a promise, so he just rocked Gerard back and forth a little bit and squeezed him tighter. “I'm sorry,“ he said, quietly so only Gerard would hear. “I wanted to tell you that I was sorry“",
    "“But I couldn't let anything happen to you“ Gerard said anxiously, taking another step towards Frank and then stopping, his hands hanging limply by his sides. “Frankie.“",
    "Gerard raked his eyes down Frank's body, then slowly back up again. Frank could practically feel it, and he shifted uncertainly, feeling his face heat up, fucking hell. “You look good,“ Gerard said eventually, in a low, even voice."
  ]
}
